doc(tester): add pre requisite info (#77)
fivetran/fivetran_sdk: doc-templates/destination-connector-templates/destination-setup-guide-template.md

- A Fivetran role with the [Create Destinations or Manage Destinations](/docs/using-fivetran/fivetran-dashboard/account-settings/role-based-access-control#rbacpermissions) permissions

> - Administrator account {this is an example}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Administrator account {this is an example}*
```

- Version 17 of Acme installed {this is an example}
    

>     > NOTE: This section should include the minimum level account tier that is required by the customer to setup a destination 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > NOTE: If you have an account tier system, this section should specify the minimum account tier required for your customers to set up a destination.
```
